¬Œœ–Œ—€ » Œ“¬≈“€ œŒ œ≈◊¿“ﬂÃ (The title in your language)
Questions And Answers On The Seals (original title in english)
 27.05.1962  (time of preaching. first symbol is " " (space) when time is not known) 
Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, Indiana, USA (all these names should be in your language)
186

1	Good evening, friends; it's nice to be here tonight. And I... Way this kind of all fell upon me, was because that I'm--was thinking this morning of my brother, and how that I know what two services a day means.
And I--I had a little 'ssst' in my throat. I preach a lot. And then as soon as I get into the city, this valley, the little palate back here from some kind of a--this, they call it... This here climate here in the valley, it just keeps that swollen so bad I just have to keep swallowing all the time while I'm here in the valley. And I get away, couple days, it's gone; come back, she drops back down again.

36	Now, right here that would look like it would give... And that's the way you get contradictions in the Bible, but it isn't so. Now, it seems like here, that the person is wanting to know, or the question what they do want to know...
^Is a brother or sister in the Lord, can marry or remarry and be free, if they leave their companion to remarry again?^
	No. Now, let's take... begin at the 10th verse:
*... unto the married I command, yet not I, but the Lord,... ~1(See?)~... Let not the wife depart from her husband: ~1(See?)~
But... if she departs, let her remain unmarried, or be reconciled to her husband: and let not the husband put away his wife. ~1(That's the Commandments of the Lord. See?)~
But to the rest speak I, not the Lord:... ~1(See?)~... if any brother hath a wife that believeth not,...*
	Now, watch his subject. See? And you read on down in before this, on through the chapter you find that they thought, "If we married a wife and she was... we... I got married and I become a believer, and my wife wasn't a believer, let me put her away." Oh, no. That isn't it. You can't do that. See, see?
*... if any brother has a wife that believeth not, and she be pleased to dwell with him, let him not put her away. ~1(That's, not because of marriage; that's because of unbelief. Not "remarry" again. See, stay with her.)~
And if the woman which hath a husband that believeth not, and if he be pleased to dwell with her, let her not leave him. ~1(That's right. See?)~
For the unbelieving husband is sanctified by the wife, and the unbelieving wife is sanctified by the husband: else were your children unclean; but now are they holy.
But if the unbelieving depart, let him depart...*
	Now, if the unbeliever says, "I'm not going to live with you any longer; you've become a Christian." To... A man tells his wife, "Because you've got saved, and going to get out of the world where we was once in, I'm going to leave you." Now, there ain't nothing you can do about it; let him depart. See?

169	^169. Now, I Corinthians, 7th chapter, 15th verse. Now, the question they asked: Brother Branham, does this mean a sister or a brother is free to remarry?^
	No. See, you don't get his question there and what he's saying. They're not free. See, that would make a contradiction in the Scripture, and the Scriptures doesn't contradict themselves at all. See? Now, let's... You see, like you can make the Scripture, just by reading one verse, say anything you want it to say to fit your thought. But you've got to take the thought that they're talking on.
	Like if--if I was talking to Brother Neville and you--and you heard me say the word "board."
	And then you'd go away, you'd say, "You know what he's talking about? We bored him tonight." See?
	"No," the other fellow would say, "that's wrong; it meant that he--he owed a board bill, he was going to pay it."
	The other one say, "Oh, no, he didn't mean that, he meant the board on the side of the house."
	And the other fellow say, "No, I'll you what, I believe he was trying--talking about boring a hole." See, see?
	You got to find out the conversation, then you know what you're talking about, 'cause Paul here sometime is answering back their question.

256	God bless you, be rich in mercy to you, make His face to shine upon you, and keep you, and bless you in all heavenly blessings.
	Now, I say this, not cruel, but of love. I pray that you that don't know Him, that your pillow will be so hard that you'll not be able to sleep no more, your food will be so foul till you can't eat no more, until you slip out by the side somewhere and say, "Lord, be merciful to me." That's not wishing anything wrong to you. That's for your good, brother, sister. I just pray that it'll be that way for you.
@Until we meet! till we meet!
Till we meet at Jesus' feet; (till we meet!)
Till we meet! till we meet!
God be with you till we meet again!
God be with you till we meet again!
By His counsel guide, uphold you,
Smite the death'ning waves before you;
God be with you till we meet...@
